# JuggyCompare

JuggyCompare is a World of Warcraft addon that makes Juggernaut's Loot Factor
data available to officers in-game. This allows more informed loot decisions
without forcing each officer to tab out to the website, compare any number of
members who sent on an item, and then tabbing back to discuss their opinion
with other officers.

The loot factor data is pulled from **JuggyCompare_Data.lua**, and I've included
an example of the expected format in case you want to try to replicate it. But
only Juggernaut officers have access to the real data that we use.

## Files

### JuggyAttendance.lua

Performs several functions related to attendance and loot recording:

-	Adds a command to copy a list of everyone in the raid (**/att**)
-	Adds a command to copy a list of loot on a corpse (**/lc**)
-	Adds functionality to broadcast and receive information about loot on a corpse. In case
	the person responsible for recording loot can't be in the raid, this allows them to still
	use the same copy & paste method instead of typing in item names by hand.
	
### JuggyCompare.lua

Handles all things comparison-related.

### JuggyCompare_Data.lua

Stores the data used in the comparison. Ideally pulled daily from a website before raids.

Example format
	JuggyCompare_Data = {
	  ["updated"] = "August 30, 2009 00:00",

	  ["Tsigo"] = {
		["NAME"]     = "Tsigo",
		["RANK"]     = "Officer",
		["RAIDS_30"] = "100%",
		["RAIDS_90"] = "100%",
		["RAIDS_LT"] = "100%",
		["LASTLOOT"] = "2009-08-30",
		["LF"]       = "0.00",
		["SLF"]      = "0.00",
		["BISLF"]    = "0.00",
	  },
	}
	
### JuggyCompare_Nicks.lua

Contains a list of "nicknames" for members. Useful if someone is constantly mis-typing someone's
name, or if a member changes their name and officers are still using the old one out of habit. Note
that this shouldn't be used for abbreviation of names, as the core JuggyCompare has functionality
to match partial names.

Examle format
	JuggyCompare_Nicks = {
		methos = "Baud",
		kamien = "Tsigo",
	}